feat!: A valid user agent is now required (#790)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-dart: README.md

This plugin also allows you to edit a product or upload a new one to Open Food Facts. Using the same simple product structure you can create a product object or edit an existing one and send it to the API using a single function.

> ## Migration to >= 2.11.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migrating from 2.x.x to 3.x.x (breaking changes)
```

> Starting with version 2.11, we now enforce all clients to provide a valid user agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 3.0.0, we now enforce all clients to provide a valid user agent.
```
